Feature/update gcp docker documentation (#1)
idrsolutions/idrsolutions.github.io: _includes/cloud-docker/googlecloud.md

The simplest way to run {{ page.product }} on Google Cloud Platform is to run a single container on a standalone instance. We can do this by specifying a container image when we create the instance:

## Download the WAR file
Before getting started, you must first download the WAR file. This is **required** for the image to work.

**For trial users:**
1. If you haven't already, you can sign up for a [{{ page.product }} trial][trial-download].

2. Open the email you received when you signed up.

3. Follow the download link found in the docker section.
<p>&nbsp;</p>

**For customers:**
1. Visit the [customer download page][customer-download] for {{ page.product }}.

2. Click on 'Download Latest Customer WAR'

> 3. Enter your username and password
> 
> 4. Click submit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Submit your username and password
```
Rule of three

![4](/assets/images/googlecloud/4.png) 

Give your instance a name and pick a region near you.The default Zone and machine configuration should be fine. 

![5](/assets/images/googlecloud/5.png) 

## Deploy a container image
Now tick 'Deploy a container image to this VM instance', and a new field should appear where you can enter your image name.

> Enter 'idrsolutions/{{ page.product | downcase }}' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter `idrsolutions/{{ page.product | downcase }}` 
```
Makes it a snippet

Your instance will be built and appear on the following screen when ready:

![12](/assets/images/googlecloud/12.png)

## Upload the WAR file

> This tutorial will run how to do this via SSH, for other methods click [here](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/transfer-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to do this via SSH, though [other methods](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/transfer-files) are available.
```

Once your instance is created, give it a few minutes to pull the image and start up the container. After making the changes in this stage, you **will** need to restart the VM.
Under 'Connect' click on 'SSH'. This will open a window like the following:

![14](/assets/images/googlecloud/14.png) 

Once the connection is established, click the gear icon in the upper right of the window, select 'Upload file'.

![21](/assets/images/googlecloud/21.png) 

> Select  from your local file, and click 'Okay'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the war file, and click 'Okay'.
```

> By default, this will upload to the /home/$USER directory, where the volume mount was set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this will upload to the /home/$USER directory, where the volume mount is set to.
```

If you plan to enable HTTPS move to the next section.

> Otherwise, restart the VM after making these changes to ensure that the service starts correctly. Wait a few minutes again for the container to start up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, restart the VM after making these changes to ensure that the service starts correctly. Wait a few minutes again for the container to start up and move to [Running {{ page.product }}](#running-{{ page.product  || downcase }}).
```
